It had been a long day for me. I had been on plowing duty; driving the huge
tractor that turned over the soil. It was spring and quite warm despite the
fact that it was after 7pm. I decide that I would take a shower at one of
the outdoor shower stalls; firstly because it was so warm, and secondly,
because I enjoyed being naked outside. I had a nice body so why not show it
off, even if there was no one to see?  The other guys called me Max; which
was a shortened form of my middle name, and I preferred it as my first name
honestly sounded a bit too urban ghetto. I was a 35 year-old, dark-skinned
black man. I stood 6'4 and I had kept my body sculpted since finishing high
school with regular gym workouts as well as hard physical labor on several
farms after I'd left my tiny hometown down south. The shower stalls were
very basic. In fact, they weren't even separate stalls. It was one big slab
of concrete with five shower heads evenly spaced and two large drains,
aided in their work by the slightly sloping floor. Most of us farm
employees preferred the indoor showers, leaving the outdoor showers for
occasional use during summer. They were particularly popular, however, with
the Native American and Mexican workers.

	Standing under the flow of cool water I lathered my body and
reached behind to clean my ass. I loved playing with my ass. I slid one
soapy finger back and forth through my man-pussy. Then another. It felt so
good. I couldn't remember the last time I'd had a nice cock inside of
me. Oh yes. I was gay. A masculine guy but very gay. I suppose that
physically, I was the living stereotypical American Black man: imposingly
tall and athletic with a dangerously manly swagger, dark-skinned, next to
zero body hair (the little I had was shaved clean) and I had a nice big
dick. I did use it on occasion, but I much preferred to be on the receiving
end; and I loved it when guys referred to my asshole as pussy. I didn't
feel emasculated in any way as I totally accepted the fact that I was a
cock-hungry bottom. With one hand, I fingered myself. With the other, I
stroked my hard pole; wishing with all my might that my fingers were some
guy's hard cock. Then I heard another shower stall come on.

	I looked over and saw Damian soaping himself up under the water. He
was at the stall right next to mine, and he was looking me full in the face
with a broad smile. Damian was Native American. I really don't recall which
nation but that wasn't important. Damian was everything I liked. He was
only 24 years old but he was a big fella. He stood 6'5 with a thick
muscular physique; meaning he had a little belly but was very buff. His
skin was a bronzed brown. His silky black hair was low-cropped but very
thick, and he had next to zero body hair, like me. I looked down at his
cock, which I had never had the chance to really look at before. It was
huge. Fucking huge. Bigger than mine and rock solid hard.

	"Damn," I mumbled, then to him, "Like what you see?"

	"Hell yeah. You needing to get fucked?" he asked, stroking his
soapy fuck meat.

	"Damn right I do. Help me out," I said, bending over in front of
him.

	I braced myself, hands against the wall, as he knelt and buried his
face between my butt-cheeks.  I moaned feeling his tongue work its magic on
my ass. He knew what he was doing. He sucked on my pucker then sunk his
tongue into me. Damn, that felt amazing! He spread my cheeks apart with his
big hands and sunk his tongue in deeper; slobbering on my hole like a
starving dog, or in his case, a starving bear cub as his Native middle name
was Cloud Bear, or something to do with bears. I couldn't recall in that
moment. His tongue just felt so good in my ass and I couldn't think
straight.

	"Ready to get fucked?" he teased, slapping his big hard cock
against my winking asshole.

	"Yes, sir. Fuck the hell out of my pussy!"

	"Taste the cock that's going in you first."

	He was going to make me work for this fucking, huh? No problem. I
dropped to my knees and took his big cock-head into my mouth. He was
already oozing precum. I slurped it up, savoring the salty, nutty flavor
before working my own magic on the head. He cooed as I swirled my tongue
around then gasped when I took just about half his length straight to the
back of my mouth.

	"Ohhhhh fuck yes!" he moaned, gripping my head in both hands and
forcing more of his cock in.

	I relaxed and let that big brown cock slide right down my throat. I
don't know how I did it. His cock was not only long but thick. I think I
nearly passed out, as he held his cock in my throat for almost a minute.

	"Fuck yeah! You love my big cock?" he growled, slapping me in the
face with it.

	I opened my mouth and he slid right back in. He fucked my throat. I
could feel my throat expand and the pressure on my Adam's Apple every time
I swallowed that monster. That only made my cock harder. By the time he
pulled out, my hole was winking in anticipation. I was so hungry for his
cock that when he finally did press the head against my over-eager hole, I
pushed back on it and forced about a third of his length inside of me in
one go. I yelped at the pain but did not resist as he gripped me by the
waist and shoved more of that huge cock up inside of me. I did try to pull
away once, just to slow his advance but he held me tight.

	"You wanted my cock. You're going to take every inch of it," he
said.

	I braced myself against the wall and resigned myself to my fate. I
was going to have to take every inch of that fuck meat however he chose to
give it to me. And he made sure he gave me every inch. I was seeing stars
and the pain in my ass was searing by the time he told me he was all the
way in.  Then he started to fuck. Damn! Why was I such a greedy bottom? The
first thrust made my head light.  The second one had me ready to faint but
Damian held me up and kept working his cock back and forth until I opened
up enough for him to really fuck me. I bit my bottom lip and moaned as he
tapped my ass; his pelvis smacking against my big black muscle butt. Shit!
This boy was giving it to me. My dick got rock hard again as the pain
gradually gave way to pleasure. I looked over my shoulder and caught the
visual of his hips driving back and forth; his broad smooth chest and
stomach glistening with water and sweat.  That's when one of his hands
gripped my shoulder and he really started driving it home. My whole body
was rocked by every powerful thrust he hammered into me, like some
lust-crazed sky god punching thunder through my rectum with every stroke.

	"Oh yeah, Max. Your pussy is so soft and velvety. FUCK! You want my
cum inside of you? You want me to breed your pussy?" he asked, plowing me
balls-deep.

	"Yes! Fucking breed me!" I moaned, stroking my own big hard dick.

	"FUCK! Ahhhhhhhh fuck! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

	I felt his giant cock explode inside of me. He slammed his cock
balls-deep and held himself there; that fuck meat pulsing hard and heavy as
he pumped me full of cream. The sensation of his cock throbbing inside of
me and the knowledge that he was breeding me sent me over the edge. I cried
out; my big dick pulsing in my fist as it belched up rope after rope of
thick white cum.

	When we were both finished cumming, he pulled out of me and spun me
around. He assaulted my lips with his and I felt his tongue invade my
mouth. I sucked on it while stroking his erection. I broke the kiss and
dropped to my knees to worship that big lovely cock. I moaned, loving the
taste and feel of his cock; and he moaned at the sensation of my mouth. He
told me to open my mouth wide. He drooled a glob of spit onto my tongue
then slid his cock back between my lips. With that dribble of spit, he was
claiming my mouth the same way he had claimed my ass. He pulled me to my
feet. With towels slung over our shoulders, we walked back to the cabins,
hard cocks swinging free. The other men were still busy enjoying beer and
exchanging stories in the common room so they didn't notice us as we
slipped inside and headed to Damian's room. The farm was highly mechanized
so there were few laborers but it worked out in our favor as each man had
his own spacious room with a big comfortable bed, perfect for giants like
Damian and myself.

	We were still a bit damp as he pushed me down on the bed but we
didn't care. His cock was rock-hard and I wanted it. He grabbed a bottle of
lube from his bedside table and fingered a generous amount into my hole
then smeared some more onto his huge shaft. He sucked hard on my tongue, my
legs over his shoulders and his cock-head kissing my pussy. He shoved that
monster cock all the way in; my deep moans muffled by his mouth covering
mine.

	"I'm going to wear this pussy out tonight," he whispered as he
started to fuck. I cooed, feeling his cock hit deep inside me. I had the
feeling that I was going to be on plowing duty for the rest of the week:
churning the soil with my tractor during the day, and letting Damian churn
his cream in my guts at night.
