Date: Fri, 31 Mar 2017 16:08:43 -0400
From: j h <thatguyinphilly@gmail.com>
Subject: Jock Boy, part 1

It was a hot day in early April, and the crew team was piled into their
team vans on the way home from boathouse and practice. The 9 members of the
varsity chatted while their coach drove home. He loved how the van slowly
filled with the smell of the rowers a little rank from their practice since
there weren't showers for the team at the boathouse. Coach knew better than
to flirt with or get inappropriate with the students, but being surrounded
by 9 guys in sweaty spandex got him hot and bothered every day. He would
steal glances of the senior captain in the front seat, mostly letting his
eyes drift down to that big bulge in between his legs.

The ride was quick and soon they pulled back onto campus, the guys throwing
open the doors and heading to the dining hall. After the last of the big
rowers got out, Coach drove the van to park near the main gym. Before
getting out, however, he noticed a small duffle bag that was left behind by
one of the guys. Coach grabbed the bag, expecting to bring it to the
absent-minded rower who left it behind at the dining hall.

As he walked to the dining hall, he did take a quick peak into the bag to
see whose bag it was and was stopped dead in his tracks. In the side pocket
he first opened, a marijuana pipe and little jar of weed stood right
out. Getting caught with drugs on campus was grounds for immediate
suspension. While Coach was known to get high on occasion, the rules of the
school were clear and very strict. He was totally let down, thinking one of
his varsity rowers was going to be packing his bags that night. He couldn't
go right to the dining hall, instead veering back towards his apartment in
one of the small houses that housed 12 students.

Once in the door, Coach realized he still didn't know whose bag it was, so
he rifled through some of the other pockets. This wasn't one of the
student's typical backpacks since there weren't any books or school
supplies. And when he opened the main compartment, he felt like was back in
the crew van from smell of sweat reeking out of the bag. Inside were a
handful of jockstraps, compression shorts, a jersey, and 2
undershirts. This was not a typical bag to be carrying around by one of his
rowers. None of them even wore those compression shorts or the jersey, and
he doubted the guys wore a jock under their rowing gear. He would have
noticed. In one of the other small pockets, Coach finally found a small
luggage tag that possibly revealed the owner's identity, clearly labeled
with one of his rower?s name and home address.  John was a junior, a
dedicated rower and all around great guy. Not to mention a total stud.

John was laughing and joking along with his team mates at dinner, as they
all ate plates and plates of food. They were all feeling very confident
about the race this coming Saturday. It was their first duel race of the
season and the boys were eager to race after a long winter of training. As
they headed back to their dorms, it was finally time to shower and settle
down for a long night of homework. John got back to his room and was
excited to see his roommate was away. He hoped to have enough time to
quickly jerk off with some of the gear he had scooped up in the locker room
that afternoon.

John would never have considered himself gay and had a pretty steady line
of girlfriends at the school. There wasn't a lot of sex, mostly some hot
make out sessions off in the fields around campus. He loved getting blow
jobs from his eager girlfriends and generally considered himself
straight. He was currently single and that break in steady head probably
caused his mind to wander to the other fit looking guys on campus. That day
in particular, the lacrosse team was coming back from an early practice
when john walked into the locker room. A dozen guys stripping down to their
jocks actually gave john a chubby, made his heart race and his palms
sweat. As he passed a pile of some laundry, he noticed the jocks recently
thrown into the pile by the guys. He quickly reached down, grabbed a
handful of the gear, and shoved it into his duffel bag. He couldn't even
explain what came over him at that moment, but he was scared and at the
same time excited about the thought of having some of the sweaty gear.

But when he got back to his room and wanted to see what gear he picked up,
he realized he left the duffle bag behind somewhere. He usually just had
some weed and a pipe for when he would sneak off into the woods during a
free period, and kept the duffle bag in his backpack. Since he had the
gear, he was carrying it separately. He realized he left it in the crew van
and that Coach might have very well found it. He could be expelled any time
now. He now realized Coach didn't come to dinner either. Things were not
looking good.

John's heart was racing even faster than in the locker room earlier. It was
almost time for study hour when students were supposed to be in their
rooms. But he had to go find that bag since it incriminated him both for
smoking weed and for stealing the sweaty gear.

Coach sat down on his couch with a heavy heart, but a stirring chubby. Why
would John smoke weed during the season and risk everything? Why would he
have a handful of jocks and the other gear in his bag too? He couldn't
figure it out, but something was intriguing. Did John steal these jocks
because he was gay and was into the sweaty gear? As a guy into that very
idea, it was hard to imagine an alternate scenario. Soon though, study
hours had started and as the advisor on duty he had to keep his doors open
and keep a watchful eye on the students in his dorm. He really wanted to
pull out the gear and jerk off while sniffing the ripe jocks.

He pretended to pull out some grading, but mostly was staring off in the
distance thinking about what was going on in John's head. He knew how hard
it was to be a gay athlete and how it felt easier to stay closeted than
come out. John was a great kid, a very talented rower, and a big asset to
the team. Coach had always thought he was a hot piece of meat too, maybe it
was worth seeing what John was capable of. Coach just couldn't turn him in
and get him expelled; maybe there was a way for Coach to punish John
himself.

John couldn't concentrate on his homework, he was a nervous wreck. He told
an advisor he had to run to the library, and took a quick jog to the
parking lot for the athletic vans. Although the van was locked, it was
obvious his duffel bag wasn't there. He was busted.

Coach decided to hold off on mentioning the bag to john, but he did drive
to a gas station that night to throw away the pipe and weed. But he not
only held onto the ripe jocks, he pressed them to his face while he jerked
off later that night. Coach was still unsure of what to do with John, but
he knew that he was going to hold off until after the race this weekend to
confront him. And he was glad he did. The boys finished off their week of
practice, and in spite of John being distracted for a few days, the boat
was in top form. On the big race on Saturday, they left their competition
in their wake and took home the winning cup.

The boys were in great spirits as they drove 2 hours back to campus,
ragging on their opponents and a few of the older boys bragging how they
were getting blow jobs once back on campus from their girlfriends. John
stayed pretty quiet the whole time though, and Coach felt like he wanted to
confront him that afternoon. Once back on campus, the boys unloaded from
the van and headed off. As they walked away, Coach called out for John to
come around to the driver?s side.

Coach told John they need to talk about a few things, and that he should
come over to his apartment in 15 minutes, just enough time for Coach to
return the van, but not enough time for John to go take a shower. He would
have to answer questions still wearing his rowing uni under his sweat
pants.

Coach had only been back in his apartment for a minute when a timid knock
was heard. He opened the door and asked John to come sit on the
couch. John's heart was in his throat and he could only sit there and wring
his sweaty hands together while Coach got him a glass of water. Coming back
into the living room with the glasses of water, Coach then reached behind a
side table and pulled out the duffel bag. John's heart sank.

?I've thrown the weed away, but the other contents of the bag brought up
more questions. I should have had you expelled right away for the marijuana
you know. That is just not acceptable on campus, especially from a student
leader and athlete. You let down your other students and teammates by
smoking weed on campus."  John tried to stammer out an apology or a denial,
but coach didn't want to hear it.

"So as pissed as I was that you got caught with weed, then I see these
sweaty jocks and gear and I can only imagine that you stole these from the
locker room too. Stealing is also against the code of conduct, so another
strike against you. Another reason to expel you right away.? Coach let that
sink in for a second while John?s eyes started to water.  ?But then I'm
wondering why you would want to steal this gear. You've had girlfriends so
i didn't think you were gay, but now I think you're questioning that and
stealing these jocks was a way to explore a more gay side of you."  John
was almost on the verge of tears, he never felt gay and only fantasized
about other guys for a second or two when he stole the gear. Coach was
going on and on about that being gay is okay, the problem was with the
stealing and smoking. He was having trouble paying attention to what coach
was saying since he was so upset.

Coach ended his tirade against the boy simply by saying "you've been a bad
boy John, and it's time for a punishment" That got john's attention and he
looked up to see his coach with a devilish grin as it looked like he was
almost grabbing his junk.  "What?!" John stammered "You're not going to
expel me?"

"Not necessarily. I think I can dole out a fitting punishment that we both
end up enjoying.?  John gulped. He questioned, "How are you going to punish
me?" while still trying to argue that he wasn't gay.

Coach just reached into the bag of jocks that John had stolen, and tossed
one of them to John. It landed on his lap, and coach simply said, "Sniff
it."  John hadn't done this before and wasn't sure he wanted to. That
feeling in the locker room where he was turned on by the other jocks was
gone, and instead John was terrified by his coach. But he also knew the
coach could get him expelled because of the weed.

?Sniff it" coach repeated again, this time more authoritatively. John was
clearly nervous and scared, but coach knew that he had the boy cornered
when John picked up the jock and held it to his face and inhaled.

"Is that what you wanted, to sniff another guy?s jock?" coach asked as John
kept the jock to his face John shook his head no, but he didn't take the
pouch away. "It's okay boy, you can admit it. Smell that jock." Coach
reached into the bag and took out another jock. "Here boy, sniff this one."
John, although humiliated by this ordeal, took the second jock and
inhaled. It was different than the first, not as strong but still made his
dick twitch, something coach could see through his sweat pants. Coach got
closer to John, and held his hand over the boys, keeping the ripe jock
pressed to his face. He was really pushing it now, but every signal from
John was that the boy was getting into it.

Coach took his hand off John's, and John took the jock away from his face,
but he still had the scent on his nose.

"I could have expelled you right away boy, but I decided to take matters
into my own hand, and so far I can see you're glad I did." John didn't even
have to look to know that his boner was saying more than he ever could with
words. ?We can stop now and you can pack your bags and leave the school, or
we can continue with this punishment. The choice is yours."  That wasn't
much of a choice. John felt his life would be ruined if he was expelled,
and there was something that turned him on so badly about what coach was
doing. But he didn't know how far this was going to go. He tried to ask
coach about what his punishment was going to entail, but coach just said he
was going to put him in his place. He still didn't know what that meant,
but he knew enough to say "I?ll take your punishment coach"

?Then stand up and take those sweat pants and tee shirt off."  With some
hesitation, John stood up from the couch, and coach took his place on the
couch. Coach watched as John raised his shirt over his head, revealing his
chiseled torso and sweaty pits. Both of their hearts were racing as John
hesitated in taking his sweat pants down. But coach just nodded to his
athlete, and John hooked his hands into his pants and started to lower them
down. He wore his rowing unisuit underneath, which could hardly contain his
boner throbbing in the spandex. It was a lewd site to see the boy stripping
down, but coach was really getting into controlling the boy. He kicked off
his sneakers and stepped out of the pants, finally standing in front of
coach in just a tight and sweaty pair of spandex. His boner was jutting out
from the sweaty area around his crotch, and coach just reached down to
adjust his quickly growing dick tucked into his own jock. He made sure to
wear one earlier today in anticipation of this.

Coach wasn't in a rush, and really didn't even know how far to take this
whole punishment, so he made John stand there with his heart racing.  John
was awkwardly trying to hide his raging dick, but also knew coach wanted
him to show off a little, and he felt he had to oblige. Coach could see the
boy wasn?t sure what to do, so he made it easier on the boy. ?Hands behind
your head John.? That got the boys attention as he stood in the position
coach wanted. Sweaty pits glistening, chest taught, tight and sweaty
spandex barely hiding his boner, legs spread just a little.  Coach knew he
was pushing John?s limits, but the boy wasn?t putting up much of a fight,
and his eyes were full of lust towards the coach. ?You okay John? Something
tells me you?re starting to like the idea of your punishment more and
more. Do you want to stop??

The boy looked down at the floor and just shook his head no.  ?I didn?t
hear your answer boy? Coach barked. ?Do you want to stop??

?No?  ?No what, boy??

John locked eyes with his coach, gulped, and replied ?No, sir.?  ?Good boy?
coach said as a smirk came across his face. John?s dick just kept twitching
through his unisuit.

Coach came right out and asked ?Are you gay? John diverted his eyes to the
floor since he didn?t know what to say. He clearly was turned on by what
was going down with the coach, and he realized he got hard smelling the
used jocks. But he never had messed around with any guys and never thought
of himself as gay. Clearly his curiosity about being gay was accelerated by
getting caught by coach.  John stammered out a few ?No?s? and how he was
misunderstood and didn?t mean to steal the jocks. Coach wasn?t buying
it. ?Have you ever fooled around with a guy?? he asked. John said no. ?Have
you ever jerked off thinking about fooling around with a guy?? and John
spit out another flustered answer making it clear he couldn?t deny it
outright. John?s dick twitched some more in his sweaty spandex through the
questioning. ?Do you want to fool around with a guy? was coach?s next
direct question. John shook his head no. ?What was that boy?? ?No, sir? was
the quick reply, but coach wasn?t convinced. ?Well, you might not have a
choice if you don?t want to get expelled boy.? John just gulped and nodded
his head, somewhat admitting his fate. ?Turn around, boy.?

John did just that, turning to face the wall and giving coach a great view
of his large and solid ass clad in the thin, sweaty spandex. It even looked
to coach like the boy was sticking his ass out to show off a little
bit. Coach grabbed his hard dick, almost in disbelief he was breaking down
this jock stud. He still didn?t know where to take this, but so far
everything was going just fine. Seeing those big ass muscles was inspiring
him to give the boy a spanking for his mistakes. ?Nice boy. Good to see you
stick your ass out for your coach. Turn back to face me.? John turned beet
red as he spun back to see his coach with his hand on his crotch, looking
lewdly at the boy.  ?Relax John. You?ve been a very bad boy and you could
face expulsion. But I think we can help each other out and turn your
punishment into something we both like.? The boy gulped and his dick
twitched. He couldn?t help but get more and more turned on by this. Coach
had him right where he wanted. ?And as part of your punishment, you need to
be spanked like a bad, bad boy.? John couldn?t believe what he just
heard. Was coach really going to give him a spanking? ?Get over here and
lay down on my lap?

Still in the sweaty uni, John walked over to coach, and very awkwardly put
his hands down to the ground and started to settle in over the coach?s
lap. He tried putting his chest on the coach?s legs, keeping his ass
further form the coach?s big hands. But coach just grabbed the boy?s ass
and pushed him further up. He let his hand linger, taking a big handful of
solid ass and giving the boy a firm squeeze. John was humiliated, but he
also knew his hard dick was pressing hard against the coach?s rock hard
dick since the uni did little to hide the sensation. It was also clear the
coach?s own dick was hard as well, almost painfully pressing against
John?s.  Coach spent a minute with his hand locked onto one of the boy?s
ass cheeks, the other hand tracing down from the boy?s neck across his back
and he finally let it slide under the unisuit and trace the boy?s sweaty
crack. Finally, coach reached back and let a hard swat land right on the
boy?s ass, making a loud crack and causing the boy to jump a
little. Neither of them spoke, and the boy?s breathing got louder as he
felt the sting on his ass. Coach reached back and delivered another smack
to the opposite ass cheek. And then another, and another, and another. The
boy was quiet, but breathing heavily and he started to grab onto the
coach?s muscular legs for support. Coach continued spanking the boy,
knowing the boy was feeling the mix of shame, some pain, and lust for his
coach. He spanked him quickly, not giving the boy much time between the
hard swats and soon the boy was gasping and wriggling on the coach?s lap as
the stings built up. Coach finally gave the boy a break, letting his hand
rest on the hard mounds of ass in front of him. The boy?s muscular back
tapered in a perfect V shape, while the boy?s ass cheeks jutted out. One
leg was stretched back on the couch and one was dangling down to the
floor. But all of the boy?s weight was primarily over his crotch, which
kept the two big cock?s grinding together. ?How many was that boy?? the
coach asked.? John hadn?t kept track and he meekly replied ?I don?t know.?

?Then we need to start again boy. This time, I want you to count out loud.?
John gulped and surprised coach with his obedience by saying ?Yes sir?
Coach started another round of spanking, this time a little slower so he
could keep teasing and kneading the boy?s ass cheeks. The boy obediently
counted along, clearly gritting his teeth to take his punishment like a
man. Ten swats later, coach told him ?Good boy. Good boy for taking your
first punishment like a man? But he didn?t let him up, and just let the boy
lay on his lap awhile longer. Coach?s hand continued feeling the boy up,
letting his hand slide more and more into the sweaty crack between his ass.

?How did that feel boy?? Coach asked, with a little less aggression in his
voice. ?Did you like your spanking?? As John stared forward, he only said
that it hurt a little. Coach noted that the boy really didn?t protest what
just happened to him, and after 20 or so hard swats only said it hurt a
little bit. It was becoming clear that John was getting into the role that
coach was laying out for him. ?You did very good boy, but that won?t be the
end of your punishment.?  ?Have you tried on the sweaty jocks you stole
boy?? Coach asked, getting a good idea for what to do next with his newly
found stud. The boy dutifully replied ?No sir.? He was learning quick. ?Get
up, boy.?

John stood up, massaging his ass cheeks and noticing that his butt actually
felt warm to the touch. Coach reached down to the jocks he recovered from
the boy?s duffel bag. ?Put this on boy? coach ordered as he tossed one of
the jocks to the boy. John stood there in front of his coach both
completely aroused by being bossed around by the older stud, but also so
nervous and awkward about his sexual feelings. ?Strip? barked the coach,
sensing the boy?s hesitation, ?Or we can go back to spanking that big ass.?
John?s face again turned red in shame, but he also hooked his thumbs into
this unisuit and pulled it down off his hips. The sweaty material clung to
his skin, but the boy slowly peeled the suit off. He was going slowly
because he was nervous, but the effect was a super sexy strip tease that
just got the coach growling in heat. ?Sniff the jock before you put it on
boy.? The boy obliged, again inhaling the scent of sweat and even some
piss.

John bent over and slipped his legs through the straps and pulled the jock
up to his waist. He had to tuck his dick into the pouch, which showed no
signs of softening. As he stood up straight, he even brought his hands
behind his head showing his obedience. Coach was clearly pleased with the
boy in front of him. Muscles tense and bulging, his leaky dick clearly
visible in the mesh pouch, and his eyes locked right on coach. Meanwhile
coach was lewdly grabbing his dick as he looked the boy up and down. ?Are
you okay boy?? Coach asked, again checking to make sure the boy wasn?t in
over his head. He didn?t know what to do, but so far John was completely
turned on and nodded yes to his coach. ?Turn around boy.?

John kept his hands up and showed off his ass again to the coach. It was
nice and pink after his spanking, but his big ass cheeks really popped out
from the straps of the jock. Again, he was sticking his ass out and back
without even being told. ?Does your ass feel warm from your spanking boy??
coach asked.  He loved watching the boy reach down and touch his own
ass. ?Yes sir? the boy admitted. ?Keep rubbing your butt boy, coach likes
you feeling up your own ass.? John obliged, and used both hands to touch
his meaty cheeks. ?Come on boy, really grab that butt!? the coach
encouraged. The jock obliged, grabbing his ass with both hands and holding
his cheeks apart to give the coach a little tease of the boy?s hole. ?Ever
touch your hole boy?? The coach asked. John had touched it a few times when
he jerked off, but he told the coach ?No, sir.? Coach smiled, knowing how
he was breaking down his jock boy. ?You know what to do boy.?

With his legs spread apart, wearing some other random guy?s jock, and his
big ass pointed towards his coach, John used one hand to spread his cheeks,
and with the other he extended a finger and rubbed his tight little
asshole. Coach was in heaven, seeing his jock do everything he was telling
him too. He also could hear John moan a little as he rubbed his hole, and
it certainly looked like he was wiggling his ass and really pushing it back
to show off. Coach had just been rubbing his dick during this whole show,
but he knew he was losing control and had to see how his boy could service
him. While he could watch his jock boy touch his hole like that for hours,
he wanted his boy to suck his first cock.

?Good boy John. Make that ass horny for coach.? John was both so ashamed of
what was happening, but he also realized how hot it was making him. His
dick just kept leaking into the jock. Coach finally barked ?turn around? to
his jock, watching him straighten up and spin around. The two locked eyes,
John?s gaze seemingly telling the coach how turned on he was by becoming
the coach?s piece of meat. ?Ever put your mouth on another guys cock?? the
coach asked as he lewdly rubbed his dick. John didn?t even realize but he
licked his lips before nodding and telling the coach ?No sir.? Coach hoped
the boy was telling the truth, he wanted to break his jock down
himself. ?Do you want to boy?? Coach asked, knowing the answer didn?t even
matter.? John replied ?No, sir. I?m straight I don?t want to suck dick.?

Coach laughed a little and just kept rubbing his dick. ?Well boy, you got
yourself into this mess, so you don?t have much choice, do you?? Standing
in the jock, the boy knew he didn?t have a choice. But deep down, he also
knew he was looking forward to the next step. ?Come kneel down in front of
me? coached barked at his jock stud who immediately obeyed. Kneeling down
in front of the couch on his knees, coach snapped his fingers indicating he
wanted he boy on all fours. The boy obliged, putting his face right up
against the coach?s knee on the edge of the couch. He realized he was just
a few inches from the coach?s big dick, which he kept rubbing right in
front of the boy. Coach put his hand on the boys head, and guided his face
closer to the throbbing boner, visible through the coach?s sweat
pants. Coach started rubbing it against the boys face, while the jock just
lipped his lips as he felt the rock-hard member on his cheek. He could the
smell and feel ripe crotch as coach held his face in his lap. Coach reached
down and pulled his sweats down, leaving only the thin mesh of a sweaty
jock separating his cock from the boys lips. Coach was in heaven. He had a
hot jock stud on his knees with his face up against his raging cock. Time
to let the boy taste it. ?Stick your tongue out, have a taste.? John just
kept staring at the head in front of him, he seemed to be frozen in place
with so much happening to him. Coach reached back and gave the boy?s ass a
firm spank, pulling John back to reality. ?Lick it!? coach repeated.

This time, John obliged and stuck his tongue out, licking the cock head
trapped in the ripe jock. John could taste the salty precum that had been
leaking into the pouch, as well as the sweaty musk from coach?s crotch. He
could feel his own dick continue to twitch and leak. John mostly just stuck
his tongue out while coach rubbed the dick on top of his tongue. ?Good
boy. Taste your coach?s dick. You?re going to get used to this boy? coach
teased as the jock kept moving his tongue back and forth over the coach?s
dick head. He would have the boy lick his dick, then just push his head and
bury it in between his leg and ball sack, letting the boy inhale his
sweat. Rubbing his crotch all over the boy was getting him so hot. John was
even letting soft moans escape his lips, clearly getting more and more into
the big dick in front of him. He started using his lips to try and wrap
around the coach?s dick, but coach just kept wagging the big tool all over
his face. Finally, coach was really ready to feed the boy.

?Take my jock off boy? coach ordered, letting go of the boy?s face so he
could sit up and slide the ripe jock off the coach. ?Sniff it really good
boy. Get used to coach?s scent.? The boy, on his knees, held coach?s jock
up to his face and inhaled. Coach could see the boy?s dick twitch in his
own sweaty jock. ?Now, get those lips back on this cock, show coach what
you can do.? John for the hundredth time that day licked his lips and did
exactly what coach wanted.

He had never sucked dick before, and had only ever had a few blowjobs
himself. He started timid, still licking and only sucking the head. While
coach was happy to take his time, he wanted a little more effort out of his
jock, and pushed the boys head down onto more of his dick. John?s mouth
filled up and he felt his gag reflex kick in from this new
experience. ?Good John, that?s it. Just take it slow, let it fill your
mouth. Breathe boy.? John liked hearing his coach encourage him, and
without being told started to bob up and down on the coach?s big, throbbing
dick.

Coach was almost 8 inches long and nice and thick, which was a big dick for
John?s first blow job. It was filling his throat and he wasn?t even halfway
down the shaft. Coach had probably had better head before, but the fact
that his one of his own rowers was working his cock like this made the
whole scene electric. He gave good encouragement to John, which only made
John more turned on and more ashamed. John could taste the salty precum
leaking from coach?s dick as he went down on the man. He had one hand on
coach?s dick, using it to jerk coach. The other hand was digging into
coach?s leg, as if he had to hold on for dear life. Coach put his hand
behind the boy?s head and tried to guide him lower and lower on his
dick. John couldn?t take much of it before feeling his gag reflex, but
coach could see he was trying hard to take more and more. Coach lifted his
ass up a bit, so he could pump his dick deeper down john?s throat. The
feeling was getting better and better, John was getting into a rhythm and
coach was helping by fuck his face a little too. Coach had never been a
hair trigger, but the site of the jock boy on his knees while wearing
another guy?s jock with his own cock stuffed down his throat was too much
for him. He grabbed the boy?s hair and started fucking his face a little
rougher. John was getting really into the blow job know and was taking it
as a point of pride that he could take more of the coach?s big dick now,
letting coach fill his mouth up. It wasn?t long before coach was unleashing
a deep moan and John could feel his hot load erupt from his cock. He only
managed to get a little in his mouth before he pulled away. Coach just kept
pointing his cock at the boy?s face, splattering his cheek and neck with
his hot load. After a few shots, both men were frozen. John on his knees,
face right at his coach?s crotch with cum in his mouth and loads dripping
on his face. Coach was laying back, holding his dick against the boy?s
face. They were both sweaty and breathing heavily, even though the blow job
only lasted a few minutes.

Coach watched as john licked his lips and the cum on them, swallowing his
first load with a grimace on his face. Coach took one of the other jocks on
the ground that John had stolen, and used it to wipe the boy?s face off
while he kneeled before him. Coach kept squeezing his dick, letting the
final drops of cum ooze out. ?Fuck kid, that was amazing. Not sure I?ve
ever gotten off that fast.? The mix of shame and lust on his face was
obvious, since the jock?s dick had been throbbing the whole time. He rocked
back onto his knees, giving the coach a nice view of the boy?s dick
pointing out from his jock. ?This was just the start of your punishment
boy, but you did very well. You got coach really fucking hot, and I think
we can find a way to ignore the weed. And I think you liked it. Didn?t
you?? coach asked.
 John shook his head no as he used his arm to wipe sweat and cum off his
face. ?It?s okay boy, you can admit it. Your dick certainly is. Did you
like being coach?s boy??

John looked down at coach?s big feet and meekly shook his head
affirmatively. ?What was that boy? Did you like making your coach happy??
coach asked as a smile came across his face. ?Yes sir? was all that the boy
could muster, but that was enough.

?Do you think you deserve to cum now?? coach asked. John was so horny, he
knew his throbbing dick had to cum, but he was still so nervous about the
idea of getting off with his coach even after everything they just did. ?I
dunno? was his lame reply. ?Well I can see that throbbing dick between your
legs looks like it does know. And I want to see my boy cum too.? John
blushed at the coach calling him ?my boy.?

Coach stood up abruptly with his dick still pointing straight out. He put
his jock back on and tucked his boner into the pouch. The two studs were
now both in their jocks again, the apartment reeking like sweat and
sex. While Coach sat back down on the couch, he made John stand up in front
of him.

John got up, realizing his knees were sore from servicing coach, and stood
in front of his master, his raging cock right in front of the coach?s
face. Coach reached out and roughly grabbed the boy?s dick, giving it a big
squeeze and causing more precum to leak into the jock. Coach also reached
behind and grabbed the boy?s ass. ?Hmmm, this ass boy. Solid muscle from
your training, but I think we can train you some more.? The fact that he
was tracing a finger down the boys crack when he said it made it very
clearly what he meant. A low moan escaped John?s mouth at feeling the
coach?s hand on his dick and ass. ?Nice boy. This big dick has just been
aching to cum this whole time, hasn?t it?? ?Yes sir.?

?Do you like your coach?s hand on your dick?? ?Yes sir?

?Do you want coach to make you cum?? ?Yes sir?

?Then come sit on my lap?

Another embarrassing position, but the boy turned around and lowered his
ass onto his coach?s crotch. The coach?s dick wasn?t hard, but it certainly
was still thick enough for the boy to feel it on his hole. They were two
big guys, so it was a little awkward for the boy to sit on his lap, but the
coach didn?t care. He had this ripped jock stud right where he wanted him,
and he loved feeling up the hot stud. Coach?s hand took a fistful of hair
and pulled the boy?s ear to his mouth. A little nibble and some hot breath
and the boy was shuddering and wriggling his ass on the coach?s
crotch. Coach started rubbing the boy?s dick through the jock, teasing the
head and shaft, then grabbing it roughly, then jerking it some. More
leaking, more moaning, more sweat. The boy was bucking his hips now, both
to feel the coach?s hand jerk his dick, but also to feel his crotch on his
hole.

?You like this boy?? The boy could hardly speak he was so horny with the
coach in control, but he admitted that he did.

?Are you going to be my jock boy more often?? Again, the boy now more
eagerly nodded and gave the coach a low moan of yes.

Coach?s hand was working a little more rapidly on the boy?s big dick. Still
wrapped in the jock, the boy was writhing on coach?s lap. After all this
sexual torment he was ready to cum. He started to moan louder and louder,
so the Coach reached to a nearby jock and stuffed it into the boys mouth to
keep him quiet. It also had the effect of driving the boy over the edge as
he started to cum harder than he ever had. John trembled as he came,
shooting a hot load right into the stolen jock while sitting on coach?s
lap. It gushed into the pouch, coating coach?s hand and the fabric. He felt
like passing out and collapsed back onto coach, still feeling coach?s
crotch rub his hole. Coach was in no rush for the boy to get up, and just
held him there for a while, sweat dripping off both of them. John?s crotch
was a sticky mess and the apartment reeked of sweat and sex.

Coach couldn?t resist feeling the boy?s chest up and squeezing him
close. He himself hadn?t had sex with another guy in a while and this was
an overwhelming way to catch up. He caught himself nuzzling his jock boy?s
neck and just enjoying having this hot stud close to him. John was also
overcome with emotions having had his first gay experience. Remembering the
situation, coach didn?t want his boy forgetting who was in charge.

?You?re gonna me my jock boy from now on, aren?t you? Come over to service
my cock and earn more of your punishment whenever I want. Make you my
little jock slave.? The words were so filthy coming out of coach?s mouth,
but John?s dick twitched as he nodded yes to whatever coach was
saying. ?Yes sir? was all he had to say. ?We?re gonna have fun training
more of your body boy.? The coach told his jock, while his hand reached
between the boy?s legs to his sweaty crack and hole. ?Yeah, we?re gonna
train you into a hot jock boy for me.?

Coach started to push the boy off his lap, sweaty making them almost stick
together. Coach grabbed a sharpie nearby and took hold of the nasty and
stolen jock the boy was still wearing. Standing in front of the coach,
coach blocked out the letters ?jock boy? on the front of the waistband,
effectively marking Coach as his slutty property. ?That?s my jock boy. Now
everyone will know?

Coach looked nervously at coach, but coach smiled. ?Just kidding
boy. You?re all mine, your secret is safe with me, okay? I?m the only one
who gets to play with my jo ck boy.? The boy looked relieved, and turned on
at being called the coach?s jock boy. ?I?ll tell you the next time you need
to come over for some special training. In the meantime, wear that jock
every day at practice. And don?t wash it unless I give you
permission. Understand??

?Yes sir.?

?Good boy, now come over my lap for another few spanks before you go. I
want to leave you with a reminder that you?re a bad boy.?

Coach?s dick swelled as he lowered himself back onto his coach?s lap and
started counting the swats landing on his muscle ass.
